The Joe Rogan experience. Imagine being born the Dalai Lama.
So from the jump, you're something special. You're the chosen one.
And you're the one either reincarnation of who will this supposed to be?
Oh, they're a tool queue is what it's called.
So it's the Tohoku system and the way it would work would be, you know,
cause you have, like, if you look at the history of Tibet,
it was called the hermit kingdom and it was closed off from the rest of the
world is very hard to get in there.
Seven years in Tibet is about somebody you made it through and became friends
with the Dalai Lama as a kid. Anyway. So within the system,
uh, there is this idea that, uh,
beings reincarnate and that if you're awakened enough,
if you're like really like at the sort of last phase of this sort of, uh,
what would you call it? This cycle you were talking about earlier,
then you stop losing at least some of the amnesia that happens when you get
processed through the liminal in-between period called the Bardo between
this incarnation and the next. So anyway, they go to children,
they put in front of them,
the particular items that belong to the
previous incarnation that they think they are Oracle's vision visionaries,
bring the monks to a particular village and then the kid picks it.
And then that big kid becomes the next, this or that. It's called a Tokyo.
How many kids they look at?
Uh, I don't know, man. I don't know the depths of it turns out to be an.
I take his powers away.
Well, I think it has happened where telcos are like, it's similar to like,
what the is the,
what is the thing where those kids get one summer to go like the summer of,
what does that relate to?
Oh yeah. That's Amish. That's a rumble. Springer. Rumspringa.
Yeah.
What is that? There's a great documentary on that. Yeah.
Something the devil's something.
The devil it's like a great name. The devil summer,
but it's just like the devils play.
[Inaudible]. And the smoke. And then a lot of them come back. Well, we
feel empty.
I believe that was one of the ways they studied the impact of MTMA wasn't it by
like, cause like these,
like if you find someone who's taken MDME but no other drug, it's pretty rare.
So you need to find a person who's only taken MTMA otherwise you can't ax
like assess there's some cognitive damage. Cause it could have been the acid.
It could have been the mushrooms.
It could have been the time you fell on your when you were hammered,
who the knows. But these kids, some of them have only taken him DMA.
And so I believe that they use them as a sample to like determine if there was
any kind of neurological damage caused by the drug itself.
But so I think it's symbol where phenomena happens within that system where some
kids are like, I'm not a reincarnated being, I'm a musician.
I want to go play music and they leave.
Do you know? Who's a musician. Who's also reincarnated being.
Jimi Hendrix, Steven Seagal.
What?
Yup. When did that happen? I didn't know. They had told them, I.
Think the Dalai Lama might've hooked him up, told them why.
One of those guys over there told them that he was the reincarnation of
someone's super special. Jesus, God, it's a big deal over there. Well,
they had a ceremony and everything that is from 1987.
This is the long written thing about, about it. Oh, that's a lot of words.
That's been renamed.
The recognition of Steven Seagal as a reincarnation of the treasure
revealer chunk, drag door J.
Wow. Of.
That to sail pile you'll monastery.
So he's a reincarnation.
Comforting to know he's always been with us, you know? Cause it's like,
one of the things that does bother me is to imagine a world without Seagal,
you know? So it's cool to know.
He's always been here coming back again and again.
Nobody was ever a loser in a past life, but he was always a.
Awesome. Well you mean, oh right. Yeah. When I went a little full.
Of.
Well yeah, of course, like what are you going to be like dirty? You know what,
if you're making money as a psychic and you're like, whoa,
you are basically like a gutter rat. You are,
you've only been a rat filth. You weren't even,
you're a mucus thing. Like I'm not sure what you would call.
It. A kind of jellyfish that killed babies. You're a.
Tapeworm. You're one of those long worms that went into someone's brain.
And drinking gnosis, your uncooked pork. You are.
A moth. You were there the whole,
like to me like the whole reincarnations and toll. Cool. Yeah.
I told you it's a state.
From the guy. I'm recognized my students, Steven Seagal, as a reincarnation,
Toku of the treasure revealer Chung drag door.
J since there's been some confusion and uncertainty as to what this means,
I'm writing to clarify the situation.
Necessary. I'll see you later, man. I got to go.
You might be full of.
The girls got five hookers going to this guy's house right now as we speak
well.
Also the other there. So there's talk of like ending the Tulku system.
And um,
the Dalai Lama has even said that and recognizing that cause what's cool.
Among many things is that he said, you know,
if he's very rational and he said,
if science proves something in Buddhism is off,
we'll change Buddhism to fit the rational mind.
And that's the beauty of Buddhism. There's pageantry in it. There's ceremony,
there's ritual in it. Just like any other religion. It's beautiful. Personally.
I think that there is a sort of, uh,
area of, uh,
experience accessible through their practices that I guess could best be
compared to psychedelics or something like that. But uh, to me,
what I love about it is all the pageantry aside and
all of it aside, it's not, faith-based,
it's a very basic series of ideas that you have
digest. You have to think about, you have to look into you.
Don't just get to be it. It's like, you know, maybe some forms of it.
There could be an example of that, but in general,
it's more along the lines of here's the basic fundamental
principles behind this,
not in the co in the cording of a human life that we've discovered.
Here's where some sufferings coming from all of the suffering in fact,
and here's how to fix it.
That's the four noble truths of Buddhism and that just hearing it, who gives a,
you could hear life is suffering. The cause of suffering is attachment.
Get rid of attachment, suffering ends.
Here's the system to get rid of attachment and you know,
whatever life is suffering was I even mean, what does life even mean?
What does it even mean by suffering this, this first noble truth?
It gets completely mistranslated anyway. Duka it means wobbly wheel.
It's more akin to like, if you're riding a bike,
that's got not enough air in it. It's going to be a rough ride,
but it's going to be even more of a rough ride.
If you have somehow trick yourself into thinking there's enough air in the tire
so that anytime you hit some bumps, you're like, what the is wrong with it?
That's it that's it it's like wobbly wheel. The thing's wonky.
You think you're not going to get disconnected.
When you've been on the line with Verizon for an hour,
you're going to get disconnected. It tends to happen.
You're going to get cut off in traffic. You're going to fail.
You're going to be disappointed. This is reality.
But somehow you've imagined that it doesn't work like that.
And every single time you're met with the truth, you're like, ah,
oh God, this sucks. And you know, so that's gonna,
that creates a lot of problems and it creates to, uh,
some ways to deal with it, which is desire and aversion.
So you're somewhere and you want to be somewhere else, basically, you know,
you're, you're somewhere. And you're like, I don't want to be in this place. Or,
you know, you're imagining that if you get this thing or that thing,
the pain you're feeling is of the wobbly wheel. Go away,
do the experiment. See if it's true. See if it's true.
That's all you can do is like, really look at the that you want.
Like I could come home and could have pulled up and given me seven Mogue
ones, right?
And I'm going to sit and play those Mogens ones for weeks and weeks until I'm
sweaty and smell like,
just someone shoved a salami under the balls of an ape. You know,
I'm not going to take showers
stink and like probably weeping into the mug and sneezing into it. Anyway,
the point is eventually after I saw the distraction has gone away,
I'm going to return to my fundamental self, you know,
the fundamental condition of existence as it is regardless.
And so this is sort of the print, some of the principles, as I understand it,
which are really quite intelligent, you know, it's really, and,
and I love about it. Most of all is there's always this invitation,
which is go see, go see. It's not because I'm telling you this.
Believe it. It's like go see. Maybe it's different for you. And,
but you need to go check like every time you're doing the thing that you've been
repeating over and over again, is it making you happy for real?
Is it really working? Is it working? And if it's working great,
but if it's not,
and you're trying to pretend it is because you've been doing it so long. Well,
who are you? Who's winning this game of self-deception what, what, what,
there's no winning. If the game is tricking yourself, you can only want.
And what do you do? Like how do you feel about life?
If you're always tricking yourself? Hey, Twitter world.
Yeah, man. That's right. You will only feel that,
that everyone is trying to trick you and you'll feel like there's a grand
conspiracy and you'll feel like the world's out to get you.
And there is a great, a good spirit,
which is that you are running a game on yourself.
Yeah.
I feel like we should end with that.